# Tutorial on setting up this IOT project
This is our RaspberryPi project where it is a medicine reminder box. The guardian could set a schedule to remind the patient (or elderly) to eat medicine. There are 2 types of medicine, pill medicine (solid) and liquid medicine (syrup).  The website is hosted on EC2 so that it will not be putting the stress on RaspberryPi. The website will show the historical and real time value of the temperature, humidity and PH value of the liquid medicine. It will show a table of whether the user took on time for each medicine. 

For the program, it will alert the patient to take the medicine with a buzzer, if the patient  takes the medicine on time, a AWS face recognition feature will be performed where it checks if the medicine is taken by a elderly. This is to ensure that the medicine is not taken by others such as kids or pets. If the patient did not take medicine on time and it will alert the guardian by sending a telegram message to the guardian. If the patient failed to eat the medicine, there is a button on the website letting the guardian to alert the patient to take the medicine again (with a buzzer). Other than alerting with a buzzer, the project will take a photo of what the patient is doing and send it to the guardian via telegram.

For the liquid medicine, this project has a feature to pump the liquid into a cup for the patient. This is due to the fact that the patient might not know how much to drink the liquid medicine and overdosing will be harmful for the body.  There is also a feature where it will check if the PH value drops or increases to an unhealthy level, if it reaches an unhealthy level, the system will send a telegram message to the guarding to know that the PH value is at an unhealthy range and show the PH value.
## Please refer to the set up tutorial provided
